=== Life Insurance - ICICI Prudential Life Insurance India 2025 ===
URL: https://www.iciciprulife.com/
Description: Explore various Life Insurance products offered by ICICI Prulife, one of the best Life Insurance Company in India. Buy Life Insurance Plans  Policies online.

Buy Online Know More Talk to Experts Meet Advisor Buy Online Know More Talk to Experts Brochure Buy Online Buy Online Know More Talk To Experts Meet Advisor Buy Online Know More Talk to Experts Meet Advisor Buy Online Know More Talk to Experts Meet Advisor Nodal Officers List Intimate Claim List of offices Know More LET US HELP YOU Give us a call For buying a policy online (toll free) 1800 210 6005 Call center hours 9.00 a.m. - 9.00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. Timings - 10:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) LET US HELP YOU Give us a call For buying a policy online (toll free) 1800 210 6005 Call center hours 9.00 a.m. - 9.00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. Timings - 10:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) LET US HELP YOU Give us a call For buying a policy online (toll free) 1800 267 9777 Call center hours 9.00 a.m. - 9.00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. Timings - 10:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) LET US HELP YOU Give us a call For buying a policy online (toll free) 1800 209 9777 Call center hours 9.00 a.m. - 9.00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. Timings - 10:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) LET US HELP YOU For buying a policy online (toll free) Protection 1800 267 9777 Savings 1800 209 9777 Annuity 1800 210 6005 Call centre hours 9:00 a.m.  9:00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. 10am-7pm Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) LET US HELP YOU Give us a call For buying a policy online (toll free) 1800 209 9777 Call center hours 9.00 a.m. - 9.00 p.m. all days To check status of policy bought online 1800 210 0045 Call charges apply. Timings - 10:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M., Monday to Saturday (except national holidays) Insurance Plans For All Your Goals ULIP Wealth Plans Tax  -free returns Trending  Term Life Insurance 99.3 Claim Settlement !j Insta 3L Claim 5 Term Plans with Return Multiple Options Term Plan for Salaried on 1 st year premiums Upto 15 S Off Term Insurance for Women Flat 15 F discount Child Plan Premium Waiver Benefit Term Plan for Self-employed No Income Documents I Retirement  Pension Plans Lifelong Income Guaranteed Plan Savings Plan More Plans Existing Customer Corner Pay Premium Top Up Auto Debit Apply Loan 268912Θ!ꞂⱵō Conditions Apply. WII03662025-26 TERM PLANS WITH RETURN All of the below plans have life cover  with returns option ICICI PRU Protect N Gain (New) IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Market-Linked Returns  to grow your wealth Additional Accidental Death 7 rider Additional Accidental Permanent Disability 7 rider Maturity booster 5 so you earn more Unlimited free fund switches 6 PAY 8,982 p.m. a for 1 crore life cover 1 GET return of 1 crore a 8 ARR or 53 Lakh a 4 ARR Check Premium ICICI PRU iProtect Smart Plus  Smart Exit Option 100 Total Premium Refund  option Optional 60 Critical illnesses 2 cover Optional Accidental Death Benefit 3 cover 3 Lakh Instant payout on claim intimation 5 In-built 12-month premium break 4 option  0 extra cost PAY 399 p.m. 1 for 50 Lakh life cover 1 GET 2.1 lakh 1 paid premiums back  (optional) Check Premium Conditions Apply. WII05782024-25 Choose the plan that best suits your needs GUARANTEED INCOME ICICI Pru GIFT Pro 100 Guaranteed 2 , tax-free 7 income for both short-term and long-term needs Option 3 to get constant or increasing guaranteed 2 income Flexibility to choose percentage of lump sum MoneyBack 4 benefit and when you want to get MoneyBack 4 benefit 3 additional income and moneyback benefit online  PAY 1 Lakh p.a. for 12 years GET Total Benefit of 71.58 Lakh Ͱ over 30 years Check Returns 2 Conditions Apply Includes Life Cover 1 GUARANTEED LUMPSUM ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income For Tomorrow Grow wealth with Guaranteed 1 Lumpsum Benefit Flexibility in payment options: One-timeLimited-Pay Tax 3 benefits may be applicable on premiums paid and benefits received as per the prevailing tax laws Up to 2.5 additional maturity benefit online  PAY  1 Lakh p.a. for 12 years GET Total Return of  27.27 Lakh⁴ on the 20ᵗʰ year Check Returns 1 Conditions Apply Includes Life Cover 2 WII16532023-24 Retirement  Pension Plans ICICI PRU Signature Pension Build Retirement Corpus Tax-free commutation of upto 60 of the vesting benefit³ Flexibility of cash withdrawals⁴ Return of charges at vesting⁴ Check Returns ICICI PRU Guaranteed Pension Plan Flexi Start income after few years Easy systematic investment Single Life  Joint Life options Waiver of premium option Return of Purchase Price to your nominee 2 Check Returns IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Guaranteed Saving Plans ICICI Pru GIFT Select Immediate Income Plan Guaranteed Immediate Income 3 as a secondary income source Get up to 200 of the total premiums paid back in form of guaranteed maturity benefit 4 Life Insurance Cover 1 for financial security of your family Up to 50 instant cashback 6 on 1st premium 2 Check Returns TC Apply ICICI Prudential Signature Capital Guarantee II ULIP with Capital Guarantee Market-linked returns 12  100 security 9 of capital Life Cover 4 to financially protect your loved ones in your absence Wealth boosters 1 addition to boost your returns Tax 2 benefits us 80C and 10(10D) Check Returns TC Apply Conditions apply. WII03692025-26 DISCOVER THE PERFECT PLAN FOR YOU Tailored solutions for your needs 100 Total Premium Refund option  ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus Key Features Affordable high life cover 2a with 100 premium refund  option 60 Critical Illness 2 Option covering Cancer  Heart attack Tax benefit  on premiums paid and tax-free  claim payouts 1 crore plan starts at just 440 2a p.m. Check Premium WII00572025-26 ICICI Pru Smart Insurance Plan Plus (SIP) IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER With Life Cover 1 Key Features Zero charges ! - No premium allocation and policy administration charges Get tax  - free market linked returns Adapt to changing markets with unlimited free fund switching 2 Start with just  1000- per month  Check Returns  TC Apply No Income Documents Required I ICICI Pru iProtect Super Key Features Affordable life cover 1 with 100 premium refund 3 option 12-month premium break P  0 extra cost Get 12 online Discount (1 st year premium) 50 Lakh plan starts at just 465 p.m. Check Premium ICICI Pru Signature Assure IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Key Features Create wealth with market-linked returns Life cover 1  premium waiver 2  income 3 benefit to financially protect your loved ones Tax  benefits us 80C and 10(10D) Plan starts with  2,500- p.m. Check Returns  Conditions Apply ICICI Pru SmartKid Assure Key Features Create a corpus for your childs future with market linked returns Life cover 1  in-built premium waiver 18  income 3 benefit to financially protect your child in your absence Tax  benefits us 80C and 10(10D) Plan starts with just  2,500 p.m. Check Returns  TC Apply ICICI Pru Signature Pension IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Key Features Build tax-free 3 retirement corpus with market-linked returns Flexibility of cash withdrawals 4 Tax-free commutation of upto 60 of the vesting benefit 3 Pay 14,200 p.m. for 15 years Get 1 Cr 8 ARR or 41.9L 4 1 ARR Check Returns ICICI Pru Signature Online IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Key Features Tax free  market-linked returns Extra wealth boosters  3.25 Easy withdrawals at no cost  Start with just 2,500- per month Check Returns ICICI Pru Protect N Gain IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER Key Features Large Life Cover 1L with riders Market Linked Returns  to grow your wealth Tax  Benefit on premiums paid and returns received Get 1 Crore Life Cover !a  8,982 p.m. 1 Cr a 8 ARR or 53 L a 4 ARR Check Premium WII05772024-25 ICICI Pru GIFT Select Key Features Guaranteed 3 immediate 10 income for 17-30 years for your non-negotiable goals with a Life cover 1 Tax benefits 8 us 80C on premiums paid and us 10(10D) on returns Get up to 200 of the total premiums paid back in form of guaranteed maturity benefit 4 Pay  1 Lakh p.a. for 10 years Get  36,200 1a from the next year for 30 years and  10 Lakh on maturity 4 Check Returns 3 TC apply ICICI Pru GIFT Pro Key Features 100 Guaranteed  , tax-free  income for both short-term and long-term needs Option  to get constant or increasing guaranteed  income Flexibility to choose percentage of MoneyBack 1 benefit and when you want to get Moneyback 1 benefit Pay 1 lakh p.a. for 10 years and Get 51.78 Lakh 4 in total as income Check Returns  Conditions apply ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension Plan Flexi Key Features Guaranteed  lifelong income Easy systematic investment Financial security with waiver of premiums 3 option Easy investment of 5000- p.m. Calculate Pension  Conditions apply Conditions Apply. WII18122024-25 Find the right plan based on your goals Calculate Term Insurance Premium Check Quote Get Term Insurance Without Income Proof Check Quote Plan For Childs Future Expenses Check Returns Get Large Life Cover  Create Wealth Check Returns Get Tax-Free Market - Linked Returns Check Returns Get Guaranteed Pension For Life Check Returns Get Immediate Income Check Returns Get Second Income Check Returns Start Tax Planning Check Returns Create tax-free retirement fund Check Returns WHY BUY ONLINE Choosing to buy online has benefits Online Discounts Hassle-Free Purchase Process Smooth and Secure Transactions Transparent and Reliable Assistance Dedicated Relationship Manager Find top-selling plans Browse our top selling plans to suit your needs and fulfil your goals Browse our top selling plans to suit your needs and fulfil your goals Meet our Experts Get the best advisory from our experts directly Get the best advisory from our experts directly Call and reach out Connect with us to find the right plan Connect with us to find the right plan ONLINE TOOLS AND CALCULATOR Explore our Interactive Planning Tools Term Insurance Human Life Value House Rent Allowance Retirement Planner Income Tax Calculator Power of Compounding Home Loan Insurance ICICI PRU PROMISE Our Proven Track Record 99.3 Claim Settlement Ratio !j for FY 2025 46,182 crores Benefits paid till March 31, 2025   3.09 lakh crore Assets Under Management as on March 31, 2025  9.17 crores Lives Covered as on March 31, 2025  INSURANCE WITH ASSURANCE Breaking down insurance complexities Life insurance is a contract between an insurance policyholder and an insurance company, where the insurer promises to pay a sum of money in exchange for a premium after a set period or upon the death of an insured person. Life insurance offers you and your family financial protection. Some policies also offer optional add-ons, such as critical illness benefit, accidental death benefit and more with a Smart Exit Option. The importance of life insurance cannot be ignored in ensuring the financial safety of your loved ones. Read more What are the benefits of buying a life insurance plan? Financial Security Wealth Creation Tax Savings Retirement Planning Death Benefit Childrens Future Planning Long-term Benefits Financial Security Life insurance provides financial security to your family in case of an unfortunate event. This ensures that your family can continue to maintain their lifestyle and achieve their financial goals without any compromises. The death benefit can cover various expenses such as loan repayments, childrens education, and routine living expenses, ensuring your familys financial security in your absence. Wealth Creation Some life insurance plans, such as Unit Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs), offer the opportunity for wealth creation along with a life cover. These plans allow you to invest the premium in different securities like equity, debt, or balanced funds and earn inflation-beating returns. For example, ICICI Pru Signature is a ULIP that offers a yield of  64.8 Lakh at 4 or  99.24 lakh at 8 for a 30-year-old male investing  20,000 per month for 20 years. (IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER) Tax Savings Life insurance policies provide tax benefits that help you maximise your returns and build savings. The premiums paid under the policy are eligible for deduction subject to conditions prescribed under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961, up to  1.5 lakhs per annum. Additionally, the proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961. This makes life insurance an attractive investment option if you are looking to save on taxes while securing your financial future. Retirement Planning Some life insurance plans, like guaranteed income plans, and others offer fixed monthly income or lump sum payouts for retirement. These plans provide a source of regular income during your non-working years and can help you live a comfortable life without any financial constraints. In order to choose the best plan to match your retirement needs, you can take advantage of life insurance calculators which are an effective tool to know how much you should invest and for how long to achieve the retirement of your dreams. Death Benefit If the policyholder passes away during the policy term and the premium is paid in full, the nominee receives a sum assured. This amount can be received as a lump sum or as regular income. The death benefit ensures the family is financially secure and can be used for various expenses, including utility bills, loans and credit card debt, childrens education, and more. Childrens Future Planning Life insurance plans can be a viable tool to fulfil your childs dreams. These plans provide lump sum payouts or a regular income to fund your childs education and help them achieve their goals without compromises. Moreover, the insurance benefits protect your child financially in the case of an unfortunate event. Life insurance calculators can offer accurate quotes to help you plan for your childs future, including their higher education and wedding expenses. Long-term Benefits Life insurance plans offer you and your loved ones long-term benefits and financial security. The sum assured provides a lump sum payout to your family in the case of any unfortunate event during the policy term. Life insurance provides financial independence by ensuring that your family remains financially secure. Additionally, some life insurance plans like ULIPs, endowment plans, and others also offer the opportunity for wealth creation, tax savings, and long-term savings. Financial Security Life insurance provides financial security to your family in case of an unfortunate event. This ensures that your family can continue to maintain their lifestyle and achieve their financial goals without any compromises. The death benefit can cover various expenses such as loan repayments, childrens education, and routine living expenses, ensuring your familys financial security in your absence. Wealth Creation Some life insurance plans, such as Unit Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs), offer the opportunity for wealth creation along with a life cover. These plans allow you to invest the premium in different securities like equity, debt, or balanced funds and earn inflation-beating returns. For example, ICICI Pru Signature is a ULIP that offers a yield of  64.8 Lakh at 4 or  99.24 lakh at 8 for a 30-year-old male investing  20,000 per month for 20 years. (IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER) Tax Savings Life insurance policies provide tax benefits that help you maximise your returns and build savings. The premiums paid under the policy are eligible for deduction subject to conditions prescribed under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961, up to  1.5 lakhs per annum. Additionally, the proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961. This makes life insurance an attractive investment option if you are looking to save on taxes while securing your financial future. Retirement Planning Some life insurance plans, like guaranteed income plans, and others offer fixed monthly income or lump sum payouts for retirement. These plans provide a source of regular income during your non-working years and can help you live a comfortable life without any financial constraints. In order to choose the best plan to match your retirement needs, you can take advantage of life insurance calculators which are an effective tool to know how much you should invest and for how long to achieve the retirement of your dreams. Death Benefit If the policyholder passes away during the policy term and the premium is paid in full, the nominee receives a sum assured. This amount can be received as a lump sum or as regular income. The death benefit ensures the family is financially secure and can be used for various expenses, including utility bills, loans and credit card debt, childrens education, and more. Childrens Future Planning Life insurance plans can be a viable tool to fulfil your childs dreams. These plans provide lump sum payouts or a regular income to fund your childs education and help them achieve their goals without compromises. Moreover, the insurance benefits protect your child financially in the case of an unfortunate event. Life insurance calculators can offer accurate quotes to help you plan for your childs future, including their higher education and wedding expenses. Long-term Benefits Life insurance plans offer you and your loved ones long-term benefits and financial security. The sum assured provides a lump sum payout to your family in the case of any unfortunate event during the policy term. Life insurance provides financial independence by ensuring that your family remains financially secure. Additionally, some life insurance plans like ULIPs, endowment plans, and others also offer the opportunity for wealth creation, tax savings, and long-term savings. EII06432023-24 VOICE OF CUSTOMERS Their stories, our pride Dipankar Roy Network Engineer Satish Data Analyst Sunil Heda Chartered Accountant Rohit Bharadwaj Support executive Read Full Review  efficient and smooth handling of my recent life insurance claim. Sahil Panchal Read Full Review  invaluable guidance in helping me file the death claim application Sukla Rani Choudhary Read Full Review  they provided comfort and security when I needed it the most. Rati Mundra Read Full Review  exemplary professionalism, efficiency, and empathy throughout the entire process Noor Fatima  I would like to express my appreciation for the efficiency and smooth handling of my recent life insurance claim. I was kept informed at every stage. The customer support team was responsive and courteous, the claim was settled in a very easy way. Thank you for your excellent service and supporting us in every possible way. Sahil Panchal  Thank you so much for your invaluable guidance in helping me file the death claim application for my husband. Your patience and support throughout the process was truly appreciated. I sincerely wish you continued success in the future and hope you keep offering the same compassionate assistance to other families navigating such difficult times. Sukla Rani Choudhary  I sincerely thank you for the compassionate and efficient handling of the death claim for my husband. In a time of great personal loss, your professionalism and empathy made a difficult process much easier. Your swift action not only eased my financial burden but also brought much-needed comfort and reassurance. I truly appreciate your kindness during this challenging time. Rati Mundra  I would like to express my heartfelt thanks for the exceptional support provided during the settlement of my late uncles insurance claim. The professionalism, empathy, and clear communication made the process smooth and stress-free. Thanks to the efforts, we received the claim amount promptly, bringing much-needed financial relief. Thank you for the seamless experience. Noor Fatima FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS We believe in insurance with assurance Life Insurance Whole Life Insurance Life Insurance Sum Assured Life Insurance Claim Life Insurance Document Life Insurance for Women Life Insurance Premium Life Insurance Tax Related Life Insurance Payout Term Insurance What are the different types of life insurance? Types of life insurance in India: Term life insurance plan: Term insurance plans offer your loved ones a fixed sum assured amount in exchange for regular premiums, in case of an unfortunate incident during the policy term Health insurance plan: Health insurance plans reimburse policyholders for their medical expenses, including treatments, surgeries, hospitalisation and the like, which arise from injuriesillnesses, or directly pay out a certain pre-determined sum to the customer Unit linked insurance plan (ULIP): A unit-linked insurance plan offers investment and insurance under the same policy. A part of your premium gets invested in equitydebtbalanced funds as per your choice and the other part is used to secure your loved ones with a sum assured Endowment plan: An endowment plan allows you to build risk-free savings and protect the financial interests of your family in your absence Annuity plan: An annuity plan is a type of retirement plan that offers you a regular payment in return for a lump sum investment. Simply put, you pay the life insurance company a premium in a lump sum and your money is returned to you as regular income immediately or after a certain period of time. The life insurance company invests your money and pays back the returns generated from it to you as payouts Who needs life insurance the most? Life insurance can be a must-have financial tool for the following people: Newly married couples: Life insurance can offer newly married couples peace of mind and financial security. It can help your spouse live their life comfortably and meet all financial liabilities in your absence Parents with young children: Parents with young children can purchase life insurance to ensure their children have a financial cushion to fall back on if they are not around. Life insurance plans can also help parents save for their kids future needs People nearing retirement with fewer savings: Life insurance plans allow you to save and invest your money. You can opt for low-risk options and secure your retirement and old age Business owners: Life insurance benefits can help your family continue your business in your absence. The payouts can also help them pay off creditors or clear their debts Why do you need Life Insurance? Financial security for your loved ones and peace of mind: Life insurance ensures your loved ones are protected financially in your absence. There is no way to replace a loved one, but life insurance helps provide a safety net that gives financial security and helps build a sizable corpus over time. A life insurance plan ensures that the constant stress of financial planning is reduced considerably, thus providing absolute peace of mind Accomplish your financial goals: Life insurance plans help you achieve your financial goals, be it securing your family from lifes uncertainties, saving for your childs education or buying your dream house. Life insurance plans can help you accumulate money over time by paying a nominal amount as a premium at a frequency of your choice. Some new-age insurance plans also allow you to withdraw money at key milestones without additional charges Save tax: The premiums paid under the life insurance policy is eligible for deduction subject to conditions prescribed under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act, 1961, up to  1.5 lakhs per annum. Additionally, the proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961 How much life insurance coverage do you need? The simplest way to calculate the minimum life cover amount for a life insurance plan is to multiply your current annual income by 10 if you are under 55 years of age. For example, if your current annual salary is  10 lakh, you should buy a life insurance cover worth at least  1 crore. Another way to calculate life insurance is by analysing your current and future expenses. Here are some of the most important factors that you must consider before choosing a life cover amount for life insurance: Debt: Financial liabilities like loans can burden your family in your absence. Take cognisance of your debt and pick a life insurance coverage that can be used to repay it Dependents: Consider the expenses of dependent family members like minor children and ageing parents. Different circumstances may necessitate different life insurance coverage needs. So, pick an appropriate amount of life insurance as per their lifestyle and requirements Financial goals: Financial goals like retirement planning , childrens higher education, marriage, medical expenses, and others must also be considered while selecting the life cover amount Age: Different stages of life present different financial needs. Hence, keep the age of your dependents in mind while calculating your life insurance coverage How can you choose the best life insurance plan? Here is a guide to help you select the right life insurance policy that suits all your needs: Identify your life insurance goals: You must plan for your life insurance goals with the help of a suitable life insurance policy. Term insurance plans offer high coverage at affordable rates and help safeguard your familys financial security. A Unit Linked Insurance Plan (ULIP) can help you when it comes to your childs education or buying that dream house. You can also buy a retirement plan to ensure regular income for your everyday expenses post retirement Right life insurance cover, policy premium and policy term: Your life insurance cover should be at least ten to fifteen times your annual income. You must consider other factors such as any loans, your childs higher education, marriage, ageing parents, and more. This will help when you narrow down on estimating the ideal life insurance cover. Choose a trustworthy life insurance provider: The reputation of an insurance company, the number of years it has been active, the Claim settlement ratio, and the solvency ratio are a few factors you need to keep in mind. Buy life insurance early: Insurance premiums for health insurance and term insurance plans are lower when you are younger. So, it is suggested that you buy a life insurance policy as soon as you start earning. You can begin with lower coverage and add more riders as your income increases Choose a comprehensive all-in-one plan: Medical emergencies might affect your income adversely. Hence, choosing a comprehensive life insurance plan, with appropriate riders available in the market is advisable. Riders that various insurers usually offer include Critical Illness rider, Accidental Death Benefit, Permanent Disability rider and Terminal Illness rider among others What is a whole life insurance policy? Whole Life Insurance is a term insurance policy that covers you up to 99 years of age. They differ from other insurance policies with a defined term of say 10, 20 or 30 years. How to choose the right sum assured under life insurance? The right sum assured amount for you will depend on factors such as your age, number of dependents, income, lifestyle, liabilities like debt, and future financial goals. You must also consider other factors like an ongoing home loan, childs education or marriage. It can also help to consult with a financial advisor or speak to an insurance agent to decide the appropriate sum assured for your needs and budget. Why is it important for women to have a life insurance plan? According to a research study conducted by the State Bank of Indias Economic Research Department, in 2021, women purchased only 33 of the life insurance policies in the country Ω . While there is still a disparity in numbers between male and female life insurance policyholders, the number of women buying life insurance has gradually increased due to increased awareness and exposure. Buying life insurance is extremely important for you to protect the financial future of your loved ones and to save for your life goals systematically. Moreover, science has proven that women have a longer life expectancy than men  . This means you will have to stay financially prepared for a longer period. And what better way to do that than with a life insurance plan? Factors that affect life insurance premium The premium amount for your life insurance plans like health insurance and term insurance, can depend on a number of factors. Some of these have been mentioned below: Age: Age is a chief factor impacting your life insurance premiums. As you age, the possibility of the insurer paying the claim also increases. This is why the life insurance premium rises with age Gender: Women have higher life expectancy than men  . This results in a comparatively lower life insurance premium Present health and medical history: You may have to undergo a medical test before purchasing a life insurance policy so that the insurer can assess your health status. Having a history of medical issues can increase the premium for life insurance. Family health history and hereditary diseases can also impact the life insurance premium Lifestyle: Lifestyle choices like smoking and drinking alcohol can increase the risk of certain ailments. This impacts the premium amount for a life insurance plan Hence it is very important to disclose any lifestyle choices or medical history at the time of purchase; incomplete or lack of disclosures might impact your claims What will happen if the life insurance premium is not paid on time? If you fail to pay the life insurance premium on time, your policy may lapse, and you will not be protected by it financially. However, the insurance company will provide you with a grace period. During this time, you can pay the premium along with a penalty fee or interest for late payments. If you do not pay the premium during the grace period, the policy may be terminated permanently, and you may lose all benefits. What happens if I stop paying life insurance premiums? If you stop paying the life insurance premium, your policy will be terminated, and you will lose all your benefits. Your life insurance policy will no longer offer coverage and the protection associated with it. In the case of an unfortunate event during the policy term, your loved ones will not receive the plans benefits. Therefore, it is recommended to pay the premium on time. If you must surrender your policy, make sure you first understand the terms and conditions and then proceed. Will I receive tax benefits upon the maturity of my life insurance policy? Yes, life insurance plans do offer tax benefits under the Income Tax Act, 1961. The proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961. Will I be able to claim tax benefits if I stop paying premiums in the middle of my policy term? If you stop paying the premium for your life insurance plan, your policy will lapse, and you will lose all benefits. What is the average life insurance payout? The average life insurance payout in India can depend on various factors, such as the type of policy, the sum assured, and the life insureds age, health, and occupation. The payout can range from a few lakhs to several crores of rupees. It is important to evaluate your insurance needs and select a sum assured amount that adequately covers your familys future needs. When deciding the sum assured, you can consider factors like your ongoing debts, childrens higher education, lifestyle needs, and others. Do I need Term insurance if I already have Life insurance? Life insurance plans can be categorised into multiple types: whole life insurance, endowment plans, Unit-Linked Insurance Plans (ULIPs), and more. These plans provide a life cover and have a savings or investment component. They can help you provide a safety net for your family, create wealth, and plan for future financial goals like a home, childrens higher education, retirement, and other similar needs. Term insurance plans only provide coverage for a specified period. In the case of an unfortunate event, these plans offer a guaranteed sum assured to the nominee as long as the policy is active and all premium payments have been paid in full. Having a term insurance and another life insurance policy for other needs secures your family and ensures their well-being in case one plan does not suffice. However, decide after thoroughly evaluating your needs, as the premium payments may interfere with your monthly budget. How do you file a life insurance claim? You can file a life insurance claim in the following steps: You can file a life insurance claim online, at a physical branch central office, or on our central ClaimCare helpline through SMS or e-mail You can visit the Claims section of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance website to submit an online claim You can call us at our 24x7 ClaimCare helpline number at 18002660 You can e-mail us at claimsupporticiciprulife.com Please submit the following information along with the claim: Claimant statement form Death certificate in case of death claims Medical papers, diagnosis reports, and other necessary documents Your identity proof, address proof, and a cancelled cheque or copy of your bank passbook The team will assess your claim and get back to you if they need any more information. Important documents to buy a life insurance policy You may require the following documents when buying a life insurance policy: Identity proof, such as Aadhaar Card, PAN Card, Passport, or Voter ID Address proof, such as Aadhaar Card, Passport, Voter ID Age proof, such as a birth certificate, Passport, or PAN Card Income proof, such as salary slips, bank statements, or Income Tax Returns (ITRs) Medical history records if requested for When to get life insurance? While you can buy life insurance at varying stages of your life, getting it as soon as possible is recommended. Buying life insurance at a young age can help you get a lower premium that can aid in savings over time. Delaying the purchase of life insurance can result in higher premiums due to increased risk of health concerns. Ideally, buying life insurance in your 20s is recommended to get the best life insurance premium and a longer financial cover. What factors shape my life insurance cost? The premium you pay for your life insurance can depend on a number of factors, such as your age, health, gender, lifestyle habits such as smoking or drinking, occupation, and other similar things. The cost is determined based on the risk associated with each of these factors. For instance, advanced age and health conditions can result in higher premiums, while individuals with healthy lifestyles and no history of illnesses may get lower premiums. Even though these factors affect your insurance cost, you must always disclose honest and relevant information to the insurance company. What does life insurance exclude? All life insurance plans are different, and it is recommended to go through the policy document carefully. Having said that, life insurance typically excludes death caused by suicide or self-inflicted injuries, death caused by participation in illegal activities, or death caused by engaging in hazardous activities such as skydiving, paragliding, and other adventure sports. What is the life insurance term that I should choose? The right life insurance term depends on your specific needs and goals. It is recommended to assess your financial situation and financial responsibilities. For instance, if you have dependent parents, a spouse, and children who rely on your income, you can opt for a longer term that provides financial coverage until your dependents are financially independent. If you have a loan, you can choose a policy term that provides coverage for the loans repayment period. It is essential to carefully evaluate your insurance needs and choose a policy term that provides adequate coverage for your specific concerns and situation. Which type of life insurance plan is the most affordable? Term life insurance is typically the most affordable type of life insurance plan as it does not offer any cash value or investment component. Term policies provide coverage for a specific term, such as 10, 20, or 30 years, and only offer death benefits to the beneficiary in the case of the policyholders unexpected demise during the policy term. Can whole life insurance help you create a legacy? Yes, whole life insurance can help you leave behind a legacyinheritance for your family. This is because whole life policies cover you till the age of 99. In case of the insured persons death before this age, the life insurance policys beneficiaries will get the sum assured. Insurance payouts are exempt from tax subject to conditions prescribed under Section 10(10D) of the Income Tax Act, 1961. How does the Limited Pay option work in term life insurance? The Limited Pay option in term life insurance allows you to pay the premium for a specific period, such as 10, 15, or 20 years. While the policy stays active for the chosen policy term, you only pay the premium for a limited time and not the entire term. The Limited Pay option can be a good choice if you do not want to pay premiums for the entire policy duration. Do term insurance premiums increase every year? No, term insurance premiums do not increase every year. The premium amount remains the same throughout the policys term. This is why it is advised to purchase term insurance early in life. The younger you are, the lower the premium, and you get to save a lot of money throughout the policy term. However, some term insurance policies may have increasing premiums. It is important to go through the terms and conditions of the plan before purchasing it to understand how its premium can be paid. Should you opt for Limited Pay or Regular Pay term life insurance? The decision to choose between Limited Pay or Regular Pay term life insurance depends on your income, financial goals, and needs. If you do not want the hassle of paying the premium for the entire duration of the policy, you may consider the Limited Pay option in term insurance. On the other hand, if you are comfortable paying the premium for the entire duration of the policy, you may consider the Regular Pay option in term insurance. It is important to understand the effect of the premium on your monthly budget and carefully opt for a policy that aligns with your financial goals and needs in the long run. Are proceeds from life insurance taxable? The death benefit received from a life insurance plan is entirely tax-free. The proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961. It is advisable to consult a tax advisor to better understand the tax implications associated with life insurance policies, as tax laws can change over time. What are the tax benefits applicable on a term life insurance? Term life insurance policies offer tax benefits on the premiums paid and the benefits received. The premiums paid under the policy are eligible for deductions subject to conditions prescribed under Section 80C of The Income Tax Act, 1961. The proceeds received under the policy are exempt subject to conditions under Section 10(10D) of The Income Tax Act, 1961. What is the difference between term life insurance and traditional life insurance plans? The primary difference between term life insurance and traditional life insurance plans is that the former does not have a savings feature. Term life insurance is a pure protection policy that only provides coverage for a specified period. There are generally no benefits on surviving the term. It is also generally more affordable as no savings or investment component exists. In contrast, traditional life insurance plans provide coverage for the policy term and have a savings or investment component that helps you build cash value over time. Important documents to get your life insurance claim amount easily Here is the list of documents required for a death claim: Claimants statement form For Lender Borrower Group (only for Credit Life policies) - claimants statementclaim intimation form For AffinityEmployer-Employee Group - claimants statementclaim intimation form Original Policy Document Copy of death certificate issued by the local municipal authority Copy of claimants photo identification proof and current address proof Cancelled chequeCopy of bank passbook Copy of medico-legal cause of death certificate Medical records include admission notes, dischargedeath summary, indoor case papers, test reports, etc.) Prior medical records of insured Medical attendantshospital certificate issued by a doctor Certificate from employer (for salaried individuals) In addition to the above, the following documents are required for filing an accidentalsuicidal death claim: Post-mortem report and chemical viscera report FIRPanchnamainquest report and final investigation report Copy of driving license if the life assured was driving the vehicle at the time of the accident and if the policy has the accident and disability benefit rider No Result Found Disclaimer  Source for Popular, Bestseller, Trending, Most Selling, Top Selling, High Demand: Company BuyOnline Data-Nov 2024 till date  Source: Company Buy Online Data-December 2015 till date !a Life cover: Life Cover is the benefit payable on the death of the life assured during the policy term ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on the death of the Life Assured during the policy term 2 Critical Illness benefit under ICICI Pru Non-Linked Health Protect Rider: Critical Illness rider(CI benefit) is up to life cover value capped at 1.5 crore (Subjected to underwriting guidelines). Critical Illness Benefit (CI Benefit) is optional and is payable, on first occurrence of any of the 20 or 60 illnesses covered (Classic variant covers 20 illnesses and Comprehensive variant covers 60 illnesses). Medical documents confirming diagnosis of critical illness needs to be submitted. The benefit is payable only on the fulfillment of the definition of the diagnosed critical illness. The CI Benefit, is an additional benefit which means the policy will continue with the life cover and other riders covers even after CI Benefit is paid. The future premiums payable under the policy will reduce proportionately. To know more in about CI Benefit, terms  conditions governing it, kindly refer to rider sales brochure. CI Benefit term would be equal to policy term or 20 years or (75-Age at entry), whichever is lower 3 Accidental Death benefit (ADB) is up to 3 crores (Subject to underwriting guidelines). ADB is available in Life Plus option. In case of death due to an accident Accidental Death Benefit will be paid out in addition to Death Benefit. Accidental Death Benefit policy term will be equal to the policy term of death benefit or (85-Age at entry), whichever is lower 4 Premium Break: You can get Premium Break under the product for a period extending by 12 months from the due date of first unpaid premium. During this Premium Break Period, the premium (including the rider(s) premium, additional premium (if any) for the other inbuilt benefits, any underwriting extra premium, loadings for modal premiums, applicable taxes, cesses and levies, etc. if any) due and payable for the said period will be deferred (Deferred Amount) but the risk cover under the policy and rider(s) will continue as per the terms and conditions of the policy and rider(s), respectively. In case of any claim under the Policy on the happening of any insured event during this period, the policyholder will receive the eligible claim amount under the policy after deducting all the deferred amount. This benefit option can be availed multiple times with at least 5 policy years between two Premium Break periods. The Premium Break will not be available during the last 3 policy years of the premium payment term. The Deferred Amount along with the next due Premium is to be paid within the Grace period applicable for the premium due at the next Policy Anniversary after the commencement of the Premium Break Period to ensure continuance of the risk cover under the policy 5 In the event of the death of the Life Assured and upon subsequent receipt of intimation of the death claim (with required supporting documents) by the Company, the Company shall pay an accelerated Death Benefit of Rs. 3,00,000- (Rupees Three Lakhs only). Thiswill only be applicable where sum assured is greater than or equal to 1 crore and is not payable in case of death of the Life Assured during the first three Policy Years from the Date of Commencement of Risk or that from the Date of Revival of the policy whichever is later.. The immediate payout will be done within 1 working day from the Claim Registration Date, subject to submission of required documents. In case, after the evaluation or investigation of the claim records, it is found that the Death Benefit (including the applicable accelerated death benefit) is not payable to the Claimant owning to any reason whatsoever, the Claimant shall refund the entire amount paid towards accelerated Death Benefit within 7 days of receipt of communication. In case the policyholder has opted for a Death Benefit Payout Option whereby a part or the whole of the death benefit is payable in monthly instalments, this accelerated death benefit amount will be the lowest of: monthly income applicable in the first month as per the Death Benefit Payout Option chosen at policy inception amount payable as lumpsum (if Lumpsum and Income Option is chosen as Death Benefit Payout Option at policy inception), and  3,00,000 6 A Life Assured shall be regarded as Terminally Ill only if that Life Assured is diagnosed as suffering from a condition which, in the opinion of two independent medical practitioners specializing in treatment of such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6 months. The terminal illness must be diagnosed and confirmed by medical practitioners registered with the Indian Medical Association and approved by the Company. The Company reserves the right for independent assessment. Terminal Illness benefit will not be applicable in case the policy is sourced through POS personnel  The policyholder will have an option to cancel the Policy and receive Smart Exit Benefit i.e. 100 of Total Premiums Paid under the Policy The following conditions are applicable for availing 100 Premium Refund: This option can be exercised in any policy year greater than 25 but not during the last 5 policy years, provided the age of the life assured is 60 years or more at the time of exercise The Policy is in-force with all due premiums paid at the time of exercising this option No claim for any of the underlying benefits has been registered and is under evaluation or accepted or paid being paid on the Policy Where, Total Premiums Paid means the total of all premiums received, excluding any extra premium, any rider premium and taxes. In case the benefit term for additional benefit(s), for which additional premium has been paid, has expired at the time of exercise of Smart Exit Benefit, then Total Premiums Paid shall exclude the premium paid towards such additional benefit(s). Please refer to sales brochure for more details S A discount as follows will be offered on first years premium of Death Benefit (excluding rider premiums, underwriting extra premiums and taxes) to salaried customers: Premium Payment Option Discount Limited Pay 15 Regular Pay 12.5 F Flat 15 lifetime discount is applicable for females as compared to male lives for across all sum-assured, Policy Term, Premium Payment Term and age combinations. The discount is only available on the base premium  The online discount percentages vary according to age, policy term , premium payment term and sum assured chosen by the customer and can range between 1-5. The exact 5 discount appears at the following scenario:  50 lakh of life cover for a 30-year-old healthy non-smoker male (occupation: non-salaried) for a policy term of 35 years with regular pay and lumpsum payout option. The offline monthly premium inclusive of taxes will be 876  online annual premium inclusive of taxes will be 832 !j Claim settlement ratio is computed basis individual claims settled over total individual claims for the financial year. For details, refer to ICICI Prudential Financial Information- Business Presentation (FY2025) 1 The 1st year online premium of 399 p.m. (less than 14day) has been calculated for a 21-year-old healthy male (Occupation: Salaried) life with monthly mode of payment and premiums paid regularly for the policy term of 45 years with income payout option of 10 years with Life Cover of 50 lakh. The premium amount is exclusive of taxes. Premium back value is 2,12,724 2a The 1st year online premium is 440 p.m. and has been approximately calculated for a 19-year-old healthy male life (occupation: salaried) with monthly mode of payment and premiums paid regularly for the policy term of 28 years with income payout with Life Cover of 1 crore. The premium amounts are exclusive of taxes D1 15 is the discount factor available if the policyholder opts for ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus with death benefit payout option of income with income duration of 10 years, as compared to the premium in death benefit payout option of lump sum  Tax benefit of  54,600 ( 46,800 us 80C   7,800 us 80D) is calculated at highest tax slab rate of 31.2 (including Cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium us 80C of  1,50,000 and health premium us 80D of  25,000. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details  Tax benefitsTax-free returns are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details D4 Lumpsum Payout: This is one of the four available death benefit payout options. Under Lumpsum option, 100 of the benefit amount is payable i.e in a single instalment D1 Monthly income: This is one of the four available death benefit payout options. Under Income option, a percentage of the benefit amount is payable every year throughout the income term of 10 years as chosen at policy inception. This will be paid in equal monthly instalments in advance at for income term of 10 years i.e. 0.83333 of death benefit will be payable as monthly in advance. At the time of death claim approval and at any time after the start of monthly income, the beneficiary will have the option to convert the outstanding monthly income into lump sum pay out and the Policy will terminate after the lump sum payout. The lump sum amount will be the present value of future payouts calculated at a discount rate ICICI Pru iProtect Super 1 Life cover is the death benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. I Income Documents waiver is subject to your financial eligibility based on income estimated using on third party data base  underwriting criteria. P Premium Break: You can get Premium Break under the product for a period extending by 12 months from the due date of first unpaid premium. During this Premium Break Period, the premium (including the rider(s) premium, additional premium (if any) for the other inbuilt benefits, any underwriting extra premium, loadings for modal premiums, applicable taxes, cesses and levies, etc. if any) due and payable for the said period will be deferred (Deferred Amount) but the risk cover under the policy and rider(s) will continue as per the terms and conditions of the policy and rider(s), respectively. In case of any claim under the Policy on the happening of any insured event during this period, the policyholder will receive the eligible claim amount under the policy after deducting all the deferred amount. 6 A Life Assured shall be regarded as Terminally Ill only if that Life Assured is diagnosed as suffering from a condition which, in the opinion of two independent medical practitioners specializing in treatment of such illness, is highly likely to lead to death within 6 months. The terminal illness must be diagnosed and confirmed by medical practitioners registered with the Indian Medical Association and approved by the Company. The Company reserves the right for independent assessment. 3 The policyholder will have an option to cancel the Policy and receive Smart Exit Benefit, equal to Total Premiums Paid under the Policy. The following conditions are applicable for availing Smart Exit benefit: This option can be exercised in any policy year greater than 25 but not during the last 5 policy years, provided the age of the life assured is 60 years or more at the time of exercise The Policy is in-force with all due premiums paid at the time of exercising this option No claim for any of the underlying benefits has been registered and is under evaluation or accepted or paid being paid on the Policy The policy is not in the Premium Break Period Where, Total Premiums Paid means the total of all premiums received including Rider Surrender Value if applicable, excluding any extra premium, and taxes. In case the benefit term for additional benefit(s), for which additional premium has been paid, has expired at the time of exercise of Smart Exit Benefit, then Total Premiums Paid shall exclude the premium paid towards such additional benefit(s). Please refer to sales brochure for more details. 4 Accidental death benefit option available through ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider: Under this option, if the person whose life is covered by this benefit option (known as the Life Assured) passes away, due to an accidental death which happens within the Coverage term such that death happens 180 days from the date of accident, the sum assured for ADB will be paid out as a lump sum to the person specified (known as the Claimant) in the policy, provided the benefit option is in-force at the time of the accident. Maximum Sum Assured available under Accidental Death Benefit option will be equal the Sum Assured on Death at inception for the base policy (capped at  1Crore) 5 Accidental total and permanent disability benefit option available through ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider: If the life assured covered by this benefit option become totally, continuously and permanently disabled as a result of accident i.e., Accidental Total Permanent Disability and meets any of 3 clauses as defined in the policy document, the Accidental Total and Permanent Disability Sum Assured will be paid out as a lump sum to the nominee. On payment of the Accidental total and permanent disability Sum Assured to the Claimant, the benefit option will terminate and all rights, benefits and interests under the option will stand extinguished. Maximum Sum Assured available under Accidental Total and Permanent Disability Benefit option will be up to the Sum Assured on Death at inception for the base policy (capped at  1 Crore). For more details, kindly refer to the Rider policy document. ! The 12 discount on 1st year premiums is applicable only on ICICI Pru iProtect Super policies purchased online. F The 15 percentage has been calculated by comparing the premium for a 20-year-old healthy male and 20-year-old healthy female, for a life cover of 1 crore for a policy term of 40 years for a regular premium pay mode. The premium (inclusive of taxes) for this case for the male is  958 per month and for a female is  814 per month. Flat 15 discount is applicable for females for across all sum-assured, Policy Term, Premium Payment Term and age combinations. The discount is only available on the base premium. L Loyalty discount of 7 on the first years premium is available only on ICICI Pru iProtect Super for our ICICI Prudential Life Insurance existing customers. 6a The first year monthly premium of 505 for a 19-year-old healthy non-smoker male have been calculated for Regular Pay premium payment option with a policy term of 24 years with a life cover of  50 lakh. The above premiums are online and are inclusive of taxes. WII06202025-26 ICICI Pru iProtect Super UIN: ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider. UIN: 105B042V02 ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Return of Premium 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term 3 Return of premium is available on survival of life assured till the completion of the policy term, for a fully paid policy. This will be 100 of Total premiums paid i.e. the total of all the premium paid under the base product, excluding any extra premium, rider premium and taxes, if collected explicitly. On completion of the policy term and payment of maturity benefit, the policy will terminate and all rights, benefits and interests under the policy will stand extinguished. 4 Accidental death benefit option available through ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider: Under this option, if the person whose life is covered by this benefit option (known as the Life Assured) passes away, due to an accidental death which happens within the Coverage term such that death happens 180 days from the date of accident, the sum assured for ADB will be paid out as a lump sum to the person specified (known as the Claimant) in the policy, provided the benefit option is in-force at the time of the accident. Maximum Sum Assured available under Accidental Death Benefit option will be up to three times the Sum Assured on Death at inception for the base policy (capped at Rs. 3 Crore). 5 Accidental total and permanent disability benefit option available through ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider : If the life assured covered by this benefit option become totally, continuously and permanently disabled as a result of accident i.e., Accidental Total Permanent Disability and meets any of 3 clauses as defined in the policy document, the Accidental Total and Permanent Disability Sum Assured will be paid out as a lump sum to the nominee. On payment of the Accidental total and permanent disability Sum Assured to the Claimant, the benefit option will terminate and all rights, benefits and interests under the option will stand extinguished. Maximum Sum Assured available under Accidental Total and Permanent Disability Benefit option will be up to the Sum Assured on Death at inception for the base policy (capped at Rs. 3 Crore). For more details, kindly refer to the Rider policy document. F The 15 percentage has been calculated by comparing the premium for a 20-year-old healthy male and 20-year-old healthy female, for a life cover of 1 crore for a policy term of 40 years for a regular premium pay mode. The premium (inclusive of taxes) for this case for the male is  1,441 per month and for a female is  1,225 per month. Flat 15 discount is applicable for females for across all sum-assured, Policy Term, Premium Payment Term and age combinations. The discount is only available on the base premium.  Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. WII12082024-25 ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Return of Premium. UIN. 105N195V01. ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider. UIN: 105B042V02  Additional Maturity Benefit is offered for online sales: For the Lump Sum Plan option, 2.5 of Sum Assured on Maturity is applicable for Limited pay. In the case of Single Pay in Lump Sum Plan option, 1 of Sum Assured on Maturity is applicable. For the Income Plan option, 2.5 of Guaranteed Income is applicable. For the Early Income Plan option, 3.5 of Guaranteed Income is applicable. For the Single Pay Income Plan option, 1 of Guaranteed Early Income is applicable ! The yearly online premium of 960 (less than 99 per month) is for a 22-year-old healthy non-smoker male who has bought ICICI Pru Heart  Cancer Protect, with cancer cover of 20 lakh, paying premiums regularly for 13 years, inclusive of tax. 3 Refer to the product brochures for the definitions, exclusions and other terms and conditions applicable for Permanent Disability due to an accident and Terminal Illness.  The policyholder can have funds in only one of the Portfolio Strategies.  Excluding taxes and Top-up Premium Allocation Charges. UIN details: ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus - . ICICI Pru Signature - . ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension I13  I14 UIN - . ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension Plan Flexi - . ICICI Pru Saral Pension Plan - . ICICI Pru Guaranteed Wealth Protector - COMPDOCJan20221017213 1 The company will allocate extra units to your ULIP policy provided all due premiums have been paid. To know more in detail, kindly refer to the sales brochure of the respective products. 8 As per currently applicable tax laws, tax benefit of  54,600- (  46,800- under Section 80C and  7,800- under Section 80D) is calculated at the highest tax slab rate of 31.2 (including Cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium under Sections 80C of  1,50,000- and health premium under Section 80D of  25,000-. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 80CCC, 10(10A), (10D) and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on the above.  Your annuityincome is informed to you when you buy the plan and is guaranteed and unchanged for life.  Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80CCC, 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Service Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. The tax-free return is subject to conditions specified under Section 10(10D) and other applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on the above.  Guaranteed Additions (GAs) rate will be 9 for a policy term of 10 years and 10 for a policy term of 15 years. GAs will be added to the policy at the end of every policy year if all due premiums have been paid. Each GA will be calculated as GA rate multiplied by the total premiums paid till date (excluding extra mortality premiums, Goods  Services Tax and Cess (if any)).  Wealth Boosters equal to 3.25 of the average of the Fund Values including Top-up Fund Value, if any, on the last business day of the last eight policy quarters will be allocated as extra units to your policy at the end of every 5th policy year starting from the end of the 10th policy year till the end of your policy term.  Systematic Withdrawal Plan is allowed only after the first five policy years. - Guaranteed Maturity Benefit (GMB): Your GMB will be set at policy inception and will depend on the policy term, premium, premium payment term, age and gender.  Guaranteed benefits in the form of lump sum will be payable under the Lump Sum Plan option. Guaranteed benefits in the form of regular income will be payable under the Income Plan option and Early Income Plan option.  How much life insurance do you really need? - https:economictimes.indiatimes.comwealthinsurehow-much-life-insurance-do-you-really-needarticleshow22065416.cms?frommdr  Why men often die earlier than women - https:www.health.harvard.edublogwhy-men-often-die-earlier-than-women-201602199137 Θ Guaranteed benefits are payable subject to all due premiums being paid and the policy being in force on the date of maturity.  The total amount is calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with a premium paying term of 10 years paying premiums in monthly mode and income period of 30 years taking income in annual instalments under the Income Plan option. The premium shown is exclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of the entire policy term opted. The total benefit of  1,01,77,830 is calculated by taking the sum of all guaranteed incomes payable over the entire income duration. COMPDOCDec202130127166 Θ Guaranteed benefits are payable subject to all due premiums being paid and the policy being in force on the date of maturity. Ↄ Guaranteed Maturity Benefit (GMB) will be set at policy inception and will depend on the policy term, premium, premium payment term, Sum Assured and gender. Your GMB may be lower than your Sum Assured. GMB is the Sum Assured on maturity.  Bonuses consist of vested reversionary bonuses, interim bonus and terminal bonus, if any. Reversionary bonuses may be declared every financial year and will accrue to the policy if it is premium paying or fully paid. Reversionary bonuses will be allocated through the compounding bonus method. All reversionary bonuses will be declared as a proportion of the sum of the GMB and the vested reversionary bonuses. Reversionary bonus once declared is guaranteed and will be paid out at maturity or on earlier death. A contingent reversionary bonus may be declared every financial year and will accrue only to a policy if it becomes paid-up. Contingent reversionary bonus will be a part of the paid up benefit and will be paid on maturity or earlier death. A terminal bonus may also be payable at maturity or on earlier death. Ŧ Guaranteed Additions (GAs) totaling 5 of GMB each year will accrue during the first five policy years if all due premiums are paid. GAs accrue on payment of due premium.  Tax benefit of  46,800- is calculated at the highest tax slab rate of 31.2 (including Cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium under Section 80C of  1,50,000-. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on the above. Θ Guaranteed benefits are payable subject to all due premiums being paid and the policy being in force on the date of maturity.  Tax benefits of  46,800- under Section 80C is calculated at the highest tax slab rate of 31.20 (including cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium under Section 80C of  1,50,000-. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Service Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. The Tax Free income is subject to conditions specified under Section 10(10D) and other applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on the above. ꓘ ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income For Tomorrow (Long-term) offers 4 options in income period namely 15, 20, 25 and 30 years. The customer can choose any plan option from the four available options. Please refer to the brochure for more details. Ꞃ ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income For Tomorrow (Long-term) offers two plan options namely, Income and Income with 110 ROP. The customer can choose any plan option from the two available options. Please refer to the brochure for more details.  Life Cover is the benefit payable on the death of the life assured during the policy term. ! As per Internal Data of policies sold for all products from April21-December21 in the BOL Channel. ADVT: WII50602021-22  The premium of  700 p.m. has been approximately calculated for protection plans and will vary case to case depending on different payment and policy term chosen. Goods and Services tax andor applicable cesses (if any) as per applicable rates will be charged extra.  Life cover, Critical illness cover, Accidental death cover, Return of premiums features are available across various protection plans available with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plus UIN : . COMPDOCJun2023963246 ICICI Pru Savings Suraksha 1 Life Cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term 2 Your GMB will be set at policy inception and will depend on policy term, premium, premium payment term, Sum Assured on death and gender. Your GMB may be lower than your Sum Assured on death 3 Guaranteed Additions (GAs) totaling 5 of GMB each year will accrue during the first five policy years if all due premiums are paid. GAs accrue on payment of due premium 4 Reversionary bonuses may be declared every financial year and will accrue to the policy if it is premium paying or fully paid. Reversionary bonuses will be applied through the compounding bonus method. All reversionary bonuses will be declared as a proportion of the sum of the GMB and the vested reversionary bonuses, if any. Reversionary bonus once declared is guaranteed and will be paid out at maturity or on earlier death. A terminal bonus may also be payable at maturity or on earlier death 5 Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details  Guaranteed benefits is in the form of Guaranteed Maturity Benefit and Guaranteed Additions ICICI Pru Savings Suraksha: UIN . ADVT: WII09962025-26 ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension Plan Flexi 2 Joint life can be either the spousechildparent or sibling of the primary annuitant 3 Applicable for Joint Life options only. The policyholder can choose the waiver of premium benefit option with joint life options. On death of the primary annuitant during the premium payment term, the future premiums will be waived off and the applicable benefits will continue to be paid to the secondary annuitant. If the waiver of the premium benefit option is selected, separate annuity rates for Joint life options will be applicable. This benefit is applicable only in case of death of primary annuitant while the policy is inforce and premium paying ICICI Pru Guaranteed Pension Plan Flexi: UIN . EII10942025-26 ICICI Pru Gold 1 In plan option Immediate income and Immediate income with Booster, starting from the first policy year, you will receive a regular income at the end of every policy year, as chosen by you, provided the policy is in-force. In deferred Income plan option, you will receive regular income at the end of every year, starting from end of deferment period as chosen by you, provided the policy is in-force. You can start this income as early as 2nd policy year or as late as Premium Payment Term plus 1 year Guaranteed Income (GI) and Income which will be linked to Bonus, if declared; referred to as Cash Bonus (CB) 2 For all plan options, Maturity Benefit will be sum of: Sum Assured on Maturity, plus Terminal Bonus (if declared) The Sum Assured on Maturity shall be the sum of Annualised Premium payable under the policy 3 ICICI Pru Gold offers three plan options namely Immediate Income and Immediate Income with booster and Deferred Income. The customer can choose any one of the three available options. Please refer to sales brochure for more details 4 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. For all plan options, Death Benefit is equal to: Sum Assured on Death, plus Interim Survival Benefit (if any), plus Terminal Bonus (if declared) Where, the Sum Assured on Death is the highest of: 7 times the Annualized Premium 105 of the Total Premiums Paid as on the Date of Death Death Benefit multiple times Annualized Premium 5 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to prevailing conditions and provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on above. ICICI Pru Gold UIN: A Participating Non linked Life Individual Savings Product. WII07982025-26 ICICI Pru Protect N Gain 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. Death Benefit will be highest of: Sum Assured, including Top-up Sum Assured, if any 105 of the total premiums paid Fund Value including the Top-up Fund Value, if any 2 Starting from the 11th policy year, you will receive 2X4X of return of mortality and 2X of policy administration charges (excluding taxes), at the beginning of each month, till the end of the policy term. These will be added in the form of units to the Fund Value. 3 At policy maturity, an addition, known as Maturity Booster in the form of extra units (Units mean a specific portion or part of the Unit Linked Fund(s) in which you have saved your money) will be made to boost your Fund Value. This Maturity Booster will be equal to 20 percentage of the average of the Fund Values including Top-up Fund Value, if any, on the last business day of the last eight policy quarters 4 Systematic Withdrawal Plan is allowed only after the first five policy years. 5 Available through mandatory rider ICICI Pru Accidental Death and Disability rider. Please refer to the rider brochure for more details. 6 Switches are only applicable for fixed portfolio strategy and not applicable for other portfolio strategies. 7 The sum assured multiple in ICICI Pru Protect N Gain is calculated basis the chosen life cover, life assureds age, premium payment term and policy term. The highest available sum assured multiple is 125 in the product.  The premium 7,694 p.m. is calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with the monthly mode of payment, premiums paid regularly for the policy term of 40 years and life cover of 1 crore. The premium shown is inclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted.  Maturity benefit is policy fund value, including top up fund value, if any. On payment of maturity benefit, the policy terminates.  7.72 crore lives covered across our individual and group customers as per ICICI Prudential Life Council Report  Tax-free returnsTax benefits of 46,800 under Section 80C is calculated at highest tax slab rate of 31.20(including cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium under Section 80C of 1,50,000-. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act,1961. Goods and Services tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details  ClaimForSure: 1 Day Death Claim Settlement is available for the following: a) All due premiums in the policy have been paid and the policy has been active for 3 consecutive years preceding life assureds death b) Mandatory documents to be submitted at Branch Office- Claimant statement form, Original policy certificate, Copy of death certificate issued by local authority, AML KYC documents- Nominees recent photograph ,Copy of Nominees pan card, Nominees current address proof, photo identity proof, Cancelled cheque Copy of bank passbook, Copy of medico legal cause of death, Medical records (Admission notes, Discharge  Death summary, Test reports, etc.), For accidental death - Copy of FIR, Panchnama, Inquest report, Postmortem report, Driving license c) Total claim amount of all the life policies held by the Life Assured  1.5 Crore d) Claim does not require any on-ground investigation 1 Day is a working day, counted from date of receipt of all relevant documents from the claimant, additional information sought by the Company and any clarification received from the claimant. The Company will be calling the claimants for verification of information submitted by the Claimant which will also be considered as part of relevant documents. Working day will be counted as Monday to Friday and excluding National holidaysBank holidaysPublic holidays, Interest shall be at the bank rate that is prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which death claim has been received. In case of breach in regulatory turnaround time, interest will be paid as per IRDAI regulations. Under ULIP policies, if claim is submitted prior to 3 pm then the claim will be considered under Claim For Sure on the same day. If claim is submitted post 3pm or if the policy is inactive at the time of claim notification then the claim will be considered under Claim For Sure the next day as per availability of NAV ICICI Pru Protect N Gain (UIN: ). ICICI Pru Linked Accidental Death and Disability Rider (UIN: ) a The premium 8982 p.m. is calculated for a 40-year-old healthy male with the monthly mode of payment, premiums paid for 12 years for the policy term of 40 years and life cover of 1 crore. The premium shown is inclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted. ADVT: WII11972023-24 ADVT: WII03272024-25 ADVT: WII07222024-25 COMPDOCMay20243056251 ICICI Pru Platinum 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term 2 Systematic Withdrawal Plan is allowed only after completion of five policy years 3 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D) and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.  Maturity amount is shown for a Male 20 years old who has invested Rs 5000 per month for 20 years and policy term is 20 years. Maturity amount is shown for a Male 20 years old who has invested Rs 5000 per month for 15 years and policy term is 15 years. 4 Past performance of funds is not indicative of future performance. ICICI Pru Platinum (UIN: ). ADVT: WII00432024-25 IShield This advertisement is designed for Combi Product named: iShield, UIN: . The product is jointly offered by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited which offers the combination of a Life Insurance cover offered by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and a Health Insurance cover offered by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. The risks of this Combi Product are distinct and are assumed  accepted by respective insurance companies. The liability to settle the claim vests with respective insurers, i.e., for health insurance benefits ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and for life insurance benefits ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. 2 Permanent Disability: On diagnosis of Permanent Disability (PD) due to an accident, the future premiums under your policy for all benefits are waived. To know more about definitions, terms and conditions applicable for permanent disability due to accident, kindly refer sales brochure of ICICI Pru iProtect Smart. 3 The Company hereby agrees subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions herein contained or otherwise expressed, for the period and to the extent of the Sum Insured as specified in the Schedule to this Policy. The Policy covers Reasonable and Customary Charges incurred towards medical treatment taken during the Policy Period for an Illness, Accident or condition described below if this is contracted or sustained by an Insured  Insured Person during the Policy Period and subject always to the Sum Insured, any subsidiary limit specified in the schedule of Benefits, the terms, conditions, limitations and exclusions mentioned in the Policy and eligibility as per the insurance plan opted by insured and stated in as stated in the Schedule 4 This benefit covers relevant medical expenses incurred during a period up to the number of days as specified in the Schedule of benefits forming part of this Policy, prior to hospitalisation or day care treatment for treatment of Disease, Illness contracted or Injury sustained for which the Insured  Insured Person was hospitalized, giving rise to an admissible claim under this Policy. This benefit is a part of benefit available under In-patient treatment and is limited to the available Sum Insured under In-patient treatment. Pre-hospitalisation Medical Expenses can be claimed as reimbursement only. 5 This benefit covers hospitalisation expenses towards medical treatment, andor day care procedure treatment surgery incurred by the Insured  Insured Person which is undertaken under General or Local Anesthesia in a Hospitalday care centre (where 24 hours of hospitalisation is not required due to technologically advanced treatment) which shall be payable. The benefit under this Section is limited to the available Sum Insured under In patient treatment of this Policy as mentioned in the Schedule to this Policy 6 Tax benefits are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. IShield  UIN: . ADV17800 ICICI Pru GIFT Pro 1 Life Insurance Cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. 2 Guaranteed Benefits will be payable subject to all due premiums being paid. 3 Level Income and Increasing Income are income options available under GIFT Pro. Under Level Income, the Guaranteed Income will remain constant throughout the income period. If Increasing Income is selected, the Guaranteed Income will increase by 5 p.a of the base income 4 You can choose to receive any percentage from 0 to 100 of the sum total of all annualized premiums payable by you as MoneyBack Benefit. This will be paid as a one time Lump sum amount. Additionally you also have the flexibilty to choose any year, on or after the maturity date of the policy up to the last income year, to receive this MoneyBack Benefit. Your Guaranteed Income amount will be adjusted based on the MoneyBack Benefit  and payout year selected by you. You can opt for these flexibilities at the inception of the policy. MoneyBack Benefit  and payout year cannot be changed later. 5 Low cover income booster at the inception of the policy, you can choose to opt for Low Cover Income Booster wherein you will be able to receive increased income for opting a lower life cover 6 You have an option to receive GI every year on a Special Date of your choice preceding the due date of first GI pay-out during the Income Period. The Special date can be chosen to coincide with any date such as, Date of Maturity, birth date or anniversary date etc. Payment of GI will commence from this Special Date and all further GIs will be paid every year on this Special Date chosen. In case You opt for a Special Date, the GI payable each year would be adjusted by multiplying the GI amount with a discount loading factor, varying by the policy month in which the Special Date falls. 7 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details.  Additional Benefit is offered for online sales: For both Level IncomeIncreasing Income Plan option, Extra 3 of Guaranteed Income and Moneyback Benefit is applicable. Ͱ The total amount is calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with a premium paying term of 12 years, deferment period of 5 years, income period of 30 years taking income in annual instalment along with 100 MoneyBack with the last income under Increasing Income plan option. The premium shown is exclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted. 6X is calculated by taking the sum of all benefits payable and dividing it by the total premiums paid. ICICI Pru GIFT Pro UIN: ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income for Tomorrow 1 Guaranteed benefits in the form of lump sum will be payable under Lump Sum Plan option. Guaranteed benefits in the form of regular income will be payable under Income Plan option and Early Income Plan option provided all due premiums have been paid. 2 Life Insurance Cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. 3 Tax benefits are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 80D, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details, before acting on the above. 4 Calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with a premium paying term of 12 years and a policy term of 20 years for Lump Sum plan option. The premium shown is exclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted.  Additional Maturity Benefit is offered for online sales: For Lump Sum Plan option, 2.5 of Sum Assured on Maturity is applicable for Limited pay. In case of Single Pay in Lump Sum Plan option, 1 of Sum Assured on Maturity is applicable. For Income Plan option, 2.5 of Guaranteed Income is applicable. For Early Income Plan option, 3.5 of Guaranteed Income is applicable. For Single Pay Income Plan option, 1 of Guaranteed Early Income is applicable. ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income for Tomorrow UIN: ICICI Pru Gold Pension Savings 1 Guaranteed benefit is the Assured Benefit, i.e., 105 of the total premiums paid 2 Bonuses are in the form of regular bonus, loyalty accumulation and terminal bonus 3 Minimum 40 of the vesting benefit must be mandatorily used to purchase an annuity plan 4 This can be availed after the completion of 3 policy years and allows you to encash up to 25 of the Total Premiums Paid over the lifetime of your policy. Withdrawals are allowed for the conditions of higher education of children; marriage of children; purchase or construction of a residential house or flat; treatment of critical illnesses; to meet medical and incidental expenses arising out of the disability 5 Avail periodic complimentary health check-ups during the policy years on attaining 50 years of age and completion of 3 policy years. This service shall be directly provided by third party service provider(s) and the Company will not be liable for any deficiency in service by the service provider. The Company reserves the right to discontinue the service or change the service provider(s) at any time. Please read the policy document to know more ICICI Pru Gold Pension Savings UIN: . ADVT No:- WII12832023-24 ICICI Pru Save N Grow 1 Guaranteed benefits will be payable, provided all due premiums have been paid. Guaranteed benefits are payable through ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income For Tomorrow 2 Wealth creation is through maturity benefit of ICICI Pru EzyGrow. 3 Tax benefits Tax benefits may be available as per prevailing tax laws. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to prevailing conditions and provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per applicable rates. The tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details. 4 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. 5 There are no premium allocation charges in ICICI Pru EzyGrow. Policy administration charge deducted will be added back to the Fund Value at maturity. 6 Maturity Booster will be allocated as extra units at the end of the policy term provided the policy is in-force. ICICI Pru EzyGrow UIN: , ADVT : WII14832023-24 ICICI Pru Signature CG II 1 Wealth Boosters equal to 3.25 of the average of the Fund Values including Top-up Fund Value, if any, on the last business day of the last eight policy quarters will be allocated as extra units to your policy at the end of every 5th policy year starting from the end of 10th policy year till the end of your policy term. 2 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 10(10D),115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. 4 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. 9 Guaranteed benefits will be payable, provided all due premiums have been paid. Guaranteed benefits are payable through ICICI Pru Guaranteed Income For Tomorrow. 12 Wealth creation is through maturity benefit of ICICI Pru Signature. ICICI Pru Signature UIN: , ADVT : WII14822023-24 Smartkid with ICICI Pru Smart Life  Reference for rising cost of education: https:www.thehindubusinessline.comdata-storiesdata-focusafter-a-massive-dip-in-2021-education-inflation-rises-with-return-to-normalcyarticle65513706.ece https:www.moneycontrol.comnewsbusinesspersonal-financehow-education-inflation-can-hurt-your-childs-future-8682261.html  Company pays all due premiums in your absence provided all due premiums have been paid. Units will continue to be allocated as if the premiums are being paid  to ensure that your savings for your desired goal continues uninterrupted.  Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D),115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details  Partial withdrawals are allowed after the completion of five policy years provided monies are not in Discontinued Policy Fund. You can make unlimited number of partial withdrawals as long as the total amount of partial withdrawals in a year does not exceed 20 of the Fund Value in a policy year. The partial withdrawals are free of cost. For the purpose of partial withdrawals, lock in period for Top-up premiums will be five years from date of payment or any such limit prescribed by IRDAI from time to time. Partial withdrawal will not be allowed if it results in termination of the policy Δ Child Education Plan -Maturity amount is shown for a Male 20 years old who has invested  5000 per month for 20 years and policy term is 20 years. Child Investment Plan-Maturity amount is shown for a Male 20 years old who has invested  5000 per month for 15 years and policy term is 15 years Advt. No.: WII06072023-24  Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per applicable rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details, before acting on the above.  Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per applicable rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. Ω https:www.deccanherald.combusiness1-in-3-life-insurance-policies-in-india-sold-to-women-sbi-report-1093571.html EII06432023-24  Benefits from the 2nd year onwards is available under the Early Income Plan option. Two policies of ICICI Pru iProtect Smart. UIN: WII06022023-24  The 18 percentage has been calculated by comparing the premium for a 34-year-old healthy male (occupation: non-salaried) and 34 year old healthy female (occupation: non-salaried), for a life cover of 1 crore  an accelerated critical illness benefit of 10 lakh for a policy term of 26 years for a lumpsum payout option for a regular premium pay mode. The premium (inclusive of taxes) for this case for the male is 20,121 per annum and for a female is 16,384 per annum.  The online discount percentages vary according to age, policy term , premium payment term and sum assured chosen by the customer and can range between 2-5. The exact 5 discount appears at the following scenario: ICICI Pru iProtect Smart for 1 Crore of life cover for a 35 year old healthy non-smoker male (occupation: non-salaried) for a policy term of 40 years with regular pay and lumpsum payout option. The offline annual premium exclusive of taxes will be 20,520  online annual premium exclusive of taxes will be 19,440. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, 10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per applicable rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. Ω https:www.deccanherald.combusiness1-in-3-life-insurance-policies-in-india-sold-to-women-sbi-report-1093571.html ICICI Pru Saral Pension ! Guaranteed benefits will be payable subject to all due premiums being paid  On diagnosis of any of the listed medical emergencies, customer can withdraw 95 of the total premiums paid and the policy terminates ICICI Pru Saral Pension UIN Data regarding Claim Settlement Ratio !j , Benefits paid till March 31, 2025  , Assets Under Management as on March 31, 2025  , Lives Covered as on March 31, 2025  is as per Annual Report 2024-2025. Please refer to the same for further details. EII02452025-26 ICICI Pru Signature Pension 1 A tax-free commutation of up to 60 of the vesting benefit can be availed. Tax benefits are subject to conditions under Sections 80CCC, 10(10A), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. 2 This can be availed after the completion of 5 policy years and allows you to withdraw up to 25 of the total fund value on the date of request, allowed only for a maximum of 3 times over the policy term. Withdrawals are allowed for the conditions of higher education of children; marriage of children; purchase or construction of a residential house or flat; treatment of critical illnesses; to meet medical and incidental expenses arising out of the disability. 3 Past performance of funds is not indicative of future performance. 4 Return of charges includes premium allocation charges, mortality charges and policy administration charges deducted (excluding tax) till time of vesting. 1 Calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with a premium paying term of 15 years and a policy term of 30 years for Limited pay option. The premium shown is exclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted. ICICI Pru Signature Pension - UIN: ADVT: WII07822024-25 ICICI Pru Signature Assure The Linked Insurance Products do not offer any liquidity during the first five years of the contract. The policyholder will not be able to surrender or withdraw the monies invested in Linked Insurance Products completely or partially till the end of the fifth year. 1 Past performance of funds is not indicative of future performance. 2 Following the death of the Life Assured (provided all due premiums have been paid) the company shall waive all future premiums as and when payable under the policy (after the date of death) and the policy shall continue till the end of policy term. Further Units equivalent to the instalment premium will be allocated on each of the subsequent premium due dates by the Company. The prevailing mandate on fund choices shall be used for investing the benefit amounts into the policy. 3 Loyalty Additions will be allocated as extra units at the end of every fifth policy year starting from the end of the tenth policy year. Each Loyalty Addition will be 2.50 of the average of Fund Values on the last business day of the last eight policy quarters. 4 This benefit is applicable only where the Life Assured survives till the end of the policy term provided all due premiums have been paid and no partial withdrawals have been made during the policy term. 5 An amount equal to a percentage of the Sum Assured will be paid out to the nominee as regular income on each subsequent policy anniversaries following the date of death till the end of the policy term. This percentage can vary between 0 and 10 (both inclusive) and once chosen at the time of purchase of the policy, shall remain fixed through the policy term. 6 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term. 7 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D) and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. i. Linked insurance products are different from the traditional insurance products and are subject to the risk factors. ii. The premium paid in linked insurance policies are subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and publicly available index. The NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital marketpublicly available index and the insured is responsible for hisher decisions. iii. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is only the name of the Life Insurance Company and ICICI Pru Signature Assure is only the name of the linked insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns. iv. Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges, from your insurance agent or intermediary or policy document issued by the insurance company. v. The various funds offered under this contract are the names of the funds and do not in any way indicate the quality of these plans, their future prospects and returns. ICICI Pru Signature Assure UIN: 105L196V01 ADVT: EII13872024-25 ICICI Pru Wish 1 The policy offers a Fixed Sum Assured(lump sum payout) as defined below for each of the benefits: Vital Care benefit: Policyholder has option to choose Vital Care Sum Assured at the time of policy inception. On diagnosis of covered minor critical illness, a fixed  of Vital care Sum Assured will be payable and on diagnosis of covered major critical illness, 100 of the available Vital care Sum Assured will be payable. Upon termination of the Vital Care Benefit, the Policy shall continue only for a few specific Surgical Procedures for a period of 365 days (within the Coverage Term) commencing from the date of diagnosis of the Condition which led to exhaustion of the Vital Care Sum Assured Surgical Care benefit: This will be fixed at 50 of the Vital Care Sum Assured chosen at inception. On undergoing covered surgery ,either 100 or 40 of the Surgical Care Sum Assured is payable, depending upon the surgical procedure done and the Surgical Care benefit will terminate. The percentage of the Surgical Care Sum Assured payable for each surgery is specified in the policy document. Please refer to the policy document for more details. Policy will continue with rest of the applicable benefits with premiums reduced to the extent of surgical care benefit premiums Maternity Care benefit: This will be fixed at 25 of the Vital Care Sum Assured chosen at inception. On diagnosis of a covered pregnancy complication or newborn congenital illness, 100 of the Maternity care Sum Assured is payable and Maternity care benefit terminates. Policy will continue with rest of the applicable benefits with premiums reduced to the extent of Maternity care benefit premiums 2 Women specific health conditions shall mean any illness, medical event or surgical procedure as specifically defined under Vital Care benefit, Surgical Care benefit and Maternity benefit option(if opted) and whose signs or symptoms first commenced post the specified waiting period after the inception of policy period. 3 The premiums are guaranteed to remain fixed for the entire premium payment term of this product. However, when a claim is made under the Surgical care benefit or the Maternity care benefit, the premiums will be reduced to the extent of the surgical care benefit premiums or maternity care benefit premiums. Also, In case discount is applicable on 1st year premium, the premiums from 2nd year onwards will change accordingly. 4 You can avail a one-year Premium Sabbatical during the Premium Payment Term. This option allows to skip premium payable for one Policy Year. Policy will be considered as an In-force during Premium Sabbatical Year. This option can be availed only once during the entire Premium Payment Term. This option has to be availed by You at least 15 days prior to the Policy Anniversary of the Policy Year during which you wish to waive off premiums payable. If You do not avail this benefit anytime prior to the last Policy Year of the Premium Payment Term, the Company will waive off the premium payable for the last Policy Year of the Premium Payment Term.  The premiums are guaranteed to remain fixed for the entire premium payment term of this product. However, when a claim is made under the Surgical care benefit or the Maternity care benefit, the premiums will be reduced to the extent of the surgical care benefit premiums or maternity care benefit premiums. Also, In case discount is applicable on 1st year premium, the premiums from 2nd year onwards will change accordingly. 1a The first year monthly premium of 465 for a 21-year-old healthy non-smoker female have been calculated for Regular Pay premium payment option with a coverage term of 19 years with a Vital care cover of  10 lakh  Surgical care cover of  5 lakh. It includes a first year monthly premium of Vital care cover of  375  Surgical care cover of  90. The premium is also applied with 10 online discount. The above premiums are online and are inclusive of taxes.  All-in-one here refers to the comprehensive coverage that the product offers against critical illnesses, surgeries, and complications related to maternity and childbirth. ICICI Pru Wish (A Non-Participating, Non-linked, Health, Individual Pure Risk Product) UIN: 105N198V01 ICICI Pru Smart Goal Assure The Linked Insurance Products do not offer any liquidity during the first five years of the contract. The policyholder will not be able to surrender or withdraw the monies invested in Linked Insurance Products completely or partially till the end of the fifth year 1 Past performance of funds is not indicative of future performance 2 Following the death of the Life Assured (provided all due premiums have been paid) the company shall waive all future premiums as and when payable under the policy (after the date of death) and the policy shall continue till the end of policy term. Further Units equivalent to the instalment premium will be allocated on each of the subsequent premium due dates by the Company. The prevailing mandate on fund choices shall be used for investing the benefit amounts into the policy 3 Return of charges is applicable only where Life Assured survives till the end of the policy term 4 This benefit is applicable only where the Life Assured survives till the end of the policy term provided all due premiums have been paid and no partial withdrawals have been made during the policy term 5 An amount equal to a 10 of the Sum Assured will be paid out to the nominee as regular income on each subsequent policy anniversaries following the date of death till the end of the policy term 6 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term 7 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D) and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 i. Linked insurance products are different from the traditional insurance products and are subject to the risk factors ii. The premium paid in linked insurance policies are subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and publicly available index. The NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital marketpublicly available index and the insured is responsible for hisher decisions iii. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is only the name of the Life Insurance Company and ICICI Pru Smart Goal Assure is only the name of the linked insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns iv. Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges, from your insurance agent or intermediary or policy document issued by the insurance company v. The various funds offered under this contract are the names of the funds and do not in any way indicate the quality of these plans, their future prospects and returns ICICI Pru Smart Goal Assure UIN: 105L199V01 WII16752024-25 ICICI Pru GIFT Select 1 Life Insurance Cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term 1a Calculated for a 30-year-old healthy male with a premium paying term of 10 years and a policy term of 30 years for Level Income plan option with deferment period as 0 years and taking income in Annual (in arrears) mode and 100 of premiums as maturity benefit. The premium shown is exclusive of taxes and the mentioned benefit is payable only if all premiums are paid as per the premium paying term and the policy is in force till the completion of entire policy term opted 3 Guaranteed Benefits will be payable subject to all due premiums being paid. Guaranteed income will start based on the income start year chosen by you. In case policyholder has not opted for Instant CashBack Feature, income can start from first year 4 Maturity Benefit shall be payable at the completion of the policy term. The Guaranteed Maturity Benefit shall be expressed as a percentage of the sum of Annualized Premium payable under the policy, where the percentage shall be as chosen by the policyholder at inception of the policy 10ImmediateEarly income can be availed under this plan when the deferment period is 0 years, and no instant cashback is opted for 8 Policies issued on or after April 01, 2023 where aggregate premium in respect of Non - Unit linked life insurance policies more than  5 lakh p.a. is not exempt us 10(10D) of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax benefits of  46,800 under Section 80C is calculated at highest tax slab rate of 31.20(including cess excluding surcharge) on life insurance premium under Section 80C of  1,50,000-. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Sections 80C, ,10(10D), 115BAC and other provisions of the Income Tax Act,1961. Goods and Services tax and Cesses, if any will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for details  Additional benefit for online sales: 3 on Income ICICI Pru GIFT Select UIN: ICICI Pru Smart Insurance Plan Plus The Linked Insurance Products do not offer any liquidity during the first five years of the contract. The policyholder will not be able to surrender or withdraw the monies invested in Linked Insurance Products completely or partially till the end of the fifth year 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the Life Assured during the policy term 2 Past performance of funds is not indicative of future performance 3 Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under Section 80C, 80D, 10(10D) and other provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 i. Linked insurance products are different from the traditional insurance products and are subject to the risk factors ii. The premium paid in linked insurance policies are subject to investment risks associated with capital markets and publicly available index. The NAVs of the units may go up or down based on the performance of fund and factors influencing the capital marketpublicly available index and the insured is responsible for hisher decisions iii. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is only the name of the Life Insurance Company and ICICI Pru Smart insurance Plan Plus (SIP ) is only the name of the linked insurance contract and does not in any way indicate the quality of the contract, its future prospects or returns iv. Please know the associated risks and the applicable charges, from your insurance agent or intermediary or policy document issued by the insurance company v. The various funds offered under this contract are the names of the funds and do not in any way indicate the quality of these plans, their future prospects and returns ICICI Pru Smart Insurance Plan Plus UIN: ICICI Pru Sukh Samruddhi 1 Life cover: Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. For income plan option, Death Benefit will be higher of: Sum Assured on Death  Accrued Reversionary Bonus, if declared  Interim Reversionary Bonus, if declared  Terminal Bonus, if declared; or 105 of total premiums paid up to the date of death as below Where, Sum Assured on Death is defined as 10 times the Annualized Premium For Lump sum plan option, Death Benefit will be higher of: Sum Assured on Death  Accrued Reversionary Bonuses, if declared  Interim Reversionary Bonus, if declared  Terminal Bonus, if declared; or 105 of total premiums paid up to the date of death as below Where, Sum Assured on Death is defined as 10 times the Annualized Premium 2 Save the date: Under Income plan option, you can choose to receive guaranteed income on any one date succeeding the due date of first income to coincide with any special date. This option needs to be selected at policy inception and can be changed any time before the completion of premium payment term. If you have chosen a specific date to receive Guaranteed Income, the income, as applicable, payable from this date will be increased for the deferment period i.e. for completed number of months between the due date of first pay-out and the specific date chosen, at an interest rate equal to Reverse Repo Rate, compounded monthly. This interest rate on GIs will be reviewed twice every year on 1st of June and 1st of December, and will be set equal to Reverse Repo Rate published on RBIs website. This option to receive GIs on any one date can be availed by both in-force as well as paid-up policies. The last GI will be paid on the date of maturity of the policy and not on the special date chosen by You and therefore, the interest rate mentioned above shall not be applicable for the last GI. It can be chosen only if annual frequency of Guaranteed income is selected under Income plan option. 3 Savings Wallet: You have an option to accumulate Guaranteed Incomes (GIs), instead of taking as payment during the policy term. The GIs will be accumulated at an interest rate equal to Reverse Repo Rate published by RBI, compounded daily. This interest rate on GIs will be reviewed twice every year on 1st of June and 1st of December, and will be set equal to Reverse Repo Rate published on RBIs website. You also have an option to withdraw, completely or partially, the accumulated GIs anytime during the Income Term. This option is only available under Income Plan option. 4 Tax benefits: Tax benefits may be available as per prevailing tax laws. Tax benefits under the policy are subject to conditions under provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Goods and Services Tax and Cesses, if any, will be charged extra as per prevailing rates. Tax laws are subject to amendments made thereto from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details. ICICI Pru Sukh Samruddhi UIN . ADVT:- WII08012025-26  Individual Life Insurance Policies issued on or after 22nd September 2025 proposed to be exempt under Goods and Services Tax, 2017. However, more clarity is awaited through Notifications. Tax laws are subject to amendments from time to time. Please consult your tax advisor for more details ICICI Pru Future Perfect  conditions applied 1 Life cover is the benefit payable on death of the life assured during the policy term. ICICI Pru Future Perfect UIN: ADVT : WII10002025-26 POPULAR SEARCHES: SINGLE PREMIUM POLICY SAVINGS PLAN INVESTMENT PLANS ONE TIME INVESTMENT WHAT IS TERM INSURANCE INCOME TAX CALCULATOR EMI CALCULATOR TERM INSURANCE CALCULATOR FINANCIAL CALCULATOR CANCER INSURANCE ANNUITY PLANS WHAT IS LIFE INSURANCE WHAT IS HEALTH INSURANCE WHAT IS ULIP EFILING WHAT IS ANNUITY WHOLE LIFE INSURANCE INCOME TAX SLABS TDS COMPARE SAVINGS PLAN 1 CRORE TERM INSURANCE TERM INSURANCE FOR SMOKERS SUM ASSURED MEANING IMPORTANCE OF HEALTH INSURANCE FEATURES OF LIFE INSURANCE TERM INSURANCE TAX BENEFITS CRITICAL ILLNESS BENEFITS CHILD PLANS TDS RATES CHART TYPES OF LIFE INSURANCE MONEY MANAGEMENT TIPS FEATURES OF ANNUITY PLAN SAVING FOR CHILD TERM INSURANCE FOR NRI ONLINE TERM PLAN

================================================================================

=== Company Overview  ICICI Prulife ===
URL: https://www.iciciprulife.com/about-us.html
Description: ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is promoted by ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited. We offer long term savings and protection products to meet different life stage requirements of our customers.

ABOUT THE COMPANY History Promoters CSR Directors And Committees Board Of Directors Committees Management Familiarization Programme Appointment Letter Corporate Policies Investors Grievance Redressal Email and Contact Information Investor Handbook Investors Grievance Redressal Matrix Details of Debenture Trustee Email and Contact Information Investor Relations Financial Information Public Disclosures ESG Shareholder Information Notices Dividends Key Managerial PersonnelOfficials of the Company authorized to determine materiality Other Debentureholder Information Bulletin Board Archives Newsroom In the Newsroom Media Highlights Insights Press Releases Awards and Accolades CSR Media Centre View our Ads Customer Education Series History Promoters CSR Board of Directors Committees Management Familiarization Programme Appointment Letter Corporate Policies Email and Contact Information of Officer Email and Contact Information Investor Relations Financial Information Public Disclosures Notices Dividends KMP authorized to determine materiality Other Bulletin Board In the Newsroom Media Highlights Insights Press Releases Awards and Accolades CSR View our Ads View our Ads Company Overview ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Prudential Life) is promoted by ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited. ICICI Prudential Life began its operations in the fiscal year 2001. On a retail weighted received premium basis (RWRP), it has consistently been amongst the top companies in the Indian life insurance sector. Our Assets Under Management (AUM) at September 30, 2025 were  3,214.94 billion. At ICICI Prudential Life, we operate on the core philosophy of customer-centricity. We offer long-term savings and protection products to meet the different life stage requirements of our customers. We have developed and implemented various initiatives to provide cost-effective products, superior quality services, consistent fund performance and a hassle-free claim settlement experience to our customers. In FY2015 ICICI Prudential Life became the first private life insurer to attain assets under management of  1 trillion. ICICI Prudential Life is also the first insurance company in India to be listed on National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). Year Particulars FY2001 Our company started operations FY2002 Crossed the mark of 100,000 policies FY2005 Crossed the mark of 1 million policies FY2008 Crossed the mark of 5 million policies Crossed receipt of  100 billion of the total premium Crossed  250 billion of assets under management FY2010 Established subsidiary to undertake pension funds related business Our company turned profitable - a registered profit of  2.58 billion Crossed  500 billion of assets under management FY2012 Started paying dividends FY2015 Crossed  1 trillion of assets under management FY2017 First insurance company in India to list on NSE and BSE FY2021 Crossed  2 trillion of assets under management FY2023 Crossed  2.5 trillion of assets under management FY2025 Crossed  3 trillion of assets under management Vision: The purpose of our existence To build an enduring institution that serves the protection and long-term saving needs of customers with sensitivity. Values: The way we do things Our core values are Customer First, Humility, Passion, Integrity, and Boundarylessness. Values guide our actions and define the way we work. We encourage all our colleagues to exemplify and role model the Values. Customer First: Keep customers at the centre of everything we do Humility: Be open to learn and change Passion: Demonstrate infectious energy to win and excel Integrity: Do the right thing Boundarylessness: Treat organisation agenda as paramount COMPDOCDec202023125034

================================================================================

